OK so let's go ahead and create an interface and call it self developing.
I will go ahead and create an interface.
So first the file self.
The thing that yes OK.
And we used a reserved keyword interface as a public interface so developing.
And this will only have one method on it called the Vel develop.
OK.
So that's it.
Very very simple.
Just develop as a signature.
And there's just declaration no implementation on the interface.
Now go ahead and implement this interface by the previously mentioned classes which where retail salesperson
and web developer.
So I'll go ahead to here.
1 and 2.
There we go by the way.
As you can see this is how C Sharp gets around the problem of multiple inheritance.
So a class can inherit from one class but it can not inherit from multiple classes as you've seen before.
But it can inherit from multiple interfaces.
So even if we had another interface all we would do is just say comma.
And you know another interface in this case we don't have anything but this would look like.
So you just say comma and the next thing you want to inherit or implement.
So in this case we have one abstract class which is developer and then we have another interface which
is self developing and the same thing goes for retail salesperson salesman abstract class and self developing
interface.
Now after you add the interface you have to implement it's required members.
In this case we've already implemented it which is the developer.
So we have one here and we have another one right here.
So on web developer and on retail salesperson both are all set.
Now here's the beauty.
Check it out.
Remember before when I took out develop nothing really changed.
If I was the same person and I came back and I was trying to rewrite this class or rewrite this class
whichever it was to take out develop if I was to take this out guess what.
It would break because this is setting a regulation.
This is putting stability into our program it says web developer does not implement interface members
self developing dad develop.
So it says we need this.
We need this this method is required just the way it looks like.
We can't change this to end or anything any other time.
We can't change the name of it.
No void and then develop two or anything else.
If we can't do it we can't mess with the signature we can't touch this method well we can't change is
the implementation of the method but that's a different story.
But this introduces a whole lot of stability into our program.
Here is a top view of what we already have.
Basically we have the salesman abstract class and the developer abstract class salesman abstract class
unifies the retail salesperson and car salesmen concrete classes because they have common functionality
which then goes into the salesman and whatever is not common gets defined individually in each concrete
class or child class in this case.
Now the developer does the same thing and web developer and software developer are its children.
But we also needed an ability which we gave to only these two classes separately.
So retail salesperson and web developer are totally separate groups.
However they're unified by an interface because they happen to have the same ability a.k.a. a method
that they need to define individually on their classes.
Okay now I'm going to go back and I want to actually run this so web developer and retail salesperson.
OK.
I'm going to go to program.
We already have this part so I'm going to take this out and retail salesperson.
Next thing is web developer and I will just say Mike equals new web developer and the primary languages
angular 6.
OK.
And then Mike dot we can just call code just so we see that it works.
Why not.
But the most important part is the developer for us right.
So it's actually call it and see how that works.
And we're going to have the same thing here.
All right.
There we go.
So if we were to run it here's what happens as you would expect cell does exactly that and develops
as I devote myself by watching retail sales training videos.
Great.
And web developer code I'm coding using my main dev language angular 6.
And then develop.
Same thing I develop myself watching dummy Web development courses.
Wonderful.
Now as you saw once again just want to remind you that develop is here and we could have had it without
the interface a web developer could have had developed retail salesperson could have had develop however
if we were to take this out if we didn't have the interface and somebody else was to mess with the method
nothing would prevent him from doing that.
But when we enforce it with an interface and then we mess with the method again see we get regulation
in place.
So that is the beauty of interfaces and also the fact that it gets around the problem of multiple inheritance
in C sharp.
So if you had more abilities you could just chain them together on here by using a comma and then continuing
it on.
So that's interfaces and inheritance.
And in the next section we're going to go over polymorphism.